All right, let me set the context of the video. This video we're going to go through six seven projects in applied AI specifically related to agents that you should probably build if you're trying to target companies like, you know, I don't know, like an emergent any India based or US based Genie AI startup. For the last one month we've done a bunch of offline classes on applied AI on topics like context engineering, writing emails, building an agent from scratch. And it's becoming very obvious there are more companies right now in this specific niche and almost all of them are going to ask the standard set of questions. So, in this video I'm going to take you through how I am interviewing someone here at Super 30 for a recent company that's raised $15 million. What are the kind of topics that people are learning over here and around seven eight projects that I feel if you build from scratch and really well, then intuitively it'll be easier for you to crack these interviews. Without any further ado, let's get right into it. Here are five high-level topics that we've covered in the last one month at Super 30. Whichever one gets the most up votes in the comments is the one that we'll release on the channel as well. Specifically, these include memory as in how does your agent remember who you are, the things that it has done in the past and how does it learn from it. Firecracker, which is a virtualization technology that Lambda uses as well. If you've ever used AWS Lambda for spinning up sandboxes, if you've heard of E2B, E2B also uses Firecracker under the hood. And this class covers how you can create your own Firecracker clusters from scratch. Context engineering, this one's taken by me. It specifically covers what techniques do you use as your context grows to make sure you don't get context rot, to make sure you're not spending a lot of money doing a specific task using an agent and to make sure you're able to manage the context of the agent. If the model that you're using is something like Opus 4.8 that has a context window of 1 million, what do you do when your long running tasks reaches around 700 800k tokens? How do you summarize context? How do you compact context? Evals and RL environments, how do you write tests or evals for your agents? How do you make sure they're actually improving over time? How do you know if model one is better than model two? How do you build something like sweep ends from scratch? And what do you do if you join a data lab where your job is to create RL environments or data that is used to train state-of-the-art models. And lastly, a video on cloud agents. How does something like Devin work or how does remote control in cloud go to work? Slightly more of a full stack question. This is a set of classes on the last one month at Super 30. Let us know in the comments which one you'd like on YouTube. With that, let's move to the interview process. Um, recently a company's hiring through us. They've raised $15 million recently. They're building some sort of coding agent. And before we refer someone there, I wanted to interview them personally. So, this is the set of questions that I have prepared for them. I have to take this interview today. Um, and the question is pretty simple. If you're building something like Devin where you have a screen like this, a user comes, they they're asked to, you know, fix a specific issue on their GitHub repository, and the agent starts over here. You're able to see the timeline of everything that happened, including the agent starting a terminal, the agent editing a file, the agent building some process, the agent reading files, writing files, etc. Considering you have to build a system like this, here are a few interview questions that I thought of. Number one, um, what all services do you need, which is like the simplest question here. What would the architecture look like? How many backends do you need? How many frontends do you need? What does the infra layer look like? How does the infra layer scale up if you have 100 people at the same time, you know, talking to the agent? Um, probably need 100 sandboxes running, um, where the agent is running, where the task is being fixed, where the final commit to GitHub happens from. How do you spin them up? How do you spin them down? That's the only infra-heavy challenge over here. Other than that, you're probably going to depend on an OpenAI for the LLM calls. You don't have to scale that up. Frontend and backend is going to be fairly simple. So, the real crux of what we're trying to get at is does the person understand, uh, for a project like this, you need sandboxes, and how do you scale them up and scale them down? Number two, what happens if your server that's running your agent crashes? This is an interesting one because, um, not usually in full-stack apps do you see long-running tasks, but agents, and specifically, you know, coding agents that are doing a very heavy task can run for 30 minutes to hours, a really long time. Um, so, what happens in case your infrastructure does go down? How do you resume a conversation, um, or resume something that the agent was doing from a specific checkpoint? There are many answers here, you know, you basically need durability across sessions. If a sandbox where the agent is running, or if the backend where the agent is running crashes, um, whenever it restarts, or, you know, some other part of your infrastructure needs to start to pick up from there uh, and continue the conversation with the agent. Good thing about agents is there's a lot of back and forth that happens between your agent and the LLM and hence if at some point the agent does crash, if you've backed up the message history between the agent and the LLM, you can always resume the conversation from a different part of your infrastructure. Um Good read at this point is Temporal. If you've heard of what Temporal does and you know how they provide durability for use cases like these. And if you talk about that during the interview, it'll probably be a good sign. Number three, how do you do context management? There are 100 strategies over here. Um I think most newer companies would not really reach a scale where they need context management or context engineering at all. But nonetheless, every new company like Devin that is coming or you know if you're building a coding agent yourself, the real thing to optimize for is what happens when the conversation becomes really long. For a shorter conversation, most models perform fairly well. It is only when you're giving it a very big feature or a very big task or an issue that's very gnarly is when the conversation is going to be really long. It's going to be a long-running task and hence compacting the conversation from time to time or summarizing it. If compaction isn't working, um are like standard techniques that you need to know of. Here is a video by the folks at Manifold where they talk through what they do and what Claude does for context engineering. Number four, how do you evaluate your agents? This is probably something you've never thought of in a side project, right? If you're building something like a Lovable, um you never really think of is your model getting better? Is your agent getting better over time? How do you know if your agent is actually improving? Before you do a new release of an agent or if you introduce a new model, how do you objectively, not subjectively, objectively know that the output has gotten better? There are a bunch of ways to do it. Um slightly harder for a use case like Lovable, but for you know other use cases something like a Devin, it's not too hard. There are standard ways that companies use right now to write evals. If you've seen SweBench or the newer benchmarks that have come now, they have a deterministic way of telling if a model or a model harness is performing good or bad, you know. And is it improving over time? I think every company in some form or fashion eventually is going to write their own evals on their data to see if, you know, as new model releases are coming, are their engineers becoming more efficient? Whichever parts their app AI is using, um is it getting better over time or not? There are again a bunch of techniques over here. I urge you to go through the paper of SweepBench or, you know, look at the TerminalBench and what they do, how do they work? I think this is like a very niche skill right now. Um but eventually this is like what a lot of us will be doing, um writing a lot of human tests RL environments to make sure our agents are getting better over time and if not, improving them. And lastly, what metrics do you observe as your application grows? So, the thing is we already had observability before AI, right? where we had platforms like New Relic, Data Dog, um Prometheus, Grafana, um various stacks to make sure your application is running. Um LLMs are slightly different that way. There There are different set of challenges if you're building agents. How do you observe them? Um Specifically, things like is the agent failing at some point? If yes, what went wrong? Um Are your users happy or not happy with the final output? Be able to arrive at the final output? Seeing the actual reasoning traces of what led to the model actually, you know, giving a specific output. And now there are like a bunch of companies that solve specifically for LLM observability and all the older companies like Data Dog are also coming into this market. One specific company that solves observability for agents or LLMs is And I feel companies that have hit scale need to worry about this, you know, a little too much. Just like a company, a web two company that hit scale, um at some point needs to worry about observability and monitoring and making sure alarm bells ring if, uh you know, the back end is down. Something similar over here. If your agent is suddenly not performing if a specific, uh infra provider is down for whatever reason, you know, lack of GPU right now. You should auto switch to a different one. You should know what went wrong. you should have visibility as to, you know, what caused the agent to fail. That's like a high level list of interview questions that I had for someone who's specifically interviewing for a company like Devin. Irrespective though, I think a lot of these questions can be applied to other companies as well. Any company that's using AI or, you know, building some sort of an agent. These are like good set of interview questions for users because I think today everyone understands what an agent is, what a model is, how do they work together. The real question is, you know, you understand how can you improve the model, how can you improve the agent, how can you observe the agent? If at all, you need every agent to have its own sandbox, how do you scale that? With that, I'm going to move to a bunch of projects. Some of these projects we're building in Super Trendy as well. Number one, simplest one, terminal agents. Um and wait, building a terminal agent is very easy. If you've seen the code base of Pi, uh which is this thing right here, it's very readable. If you understand TypeScript, you can read this code base. It's probably less than, you know, 2,000 lines of code all in all. Um So, building one is easy. Making sure your terminal agent is performing at par with Claude code uh using the same model is the harder bit. So, what I'd really urge you to do, and you know, I urge everyone here to do as well, is not just build this because that's the easy part. Actually, benchmark it against other agents and see if it's performing better or worse. And if it is performing worse, uh which it probably will, what techniques can you use to rank up over that? You know, there could be a bunch of extra hacks that you could try for now to just reach up the leaderboard of Terminal Bench. You know, hardcode some use cases, for example, you know, if you're ever giving a Codeforces contest, you a lot of times hardcode a few use cases just so you can, you know, pass more tests. You know, it's not the final solution, but you know, you you'll be able to pass more tests if you add a bunch of edge cases. Something similar. Just to see what might be the right direction to take to improve a model. A good example of this is Pi by default does not have sub-agent orchestration. Claude code does. Uh Codex does. Yet, Pi performs, you know, almost equally well uh on the Terminal Bench. That is one of many techniques that might nudge the agent in the right direction and make the agent arrive at the final answer. And when you do that is when you have a good terminal agent. Project number two, Hermes Claude bot. Both of them are again agents. Uh they require a little more than building a simple terminal agent. Uh they require a lot of memory. They require a lot of integrations to things like WhatsApp, Telegram, Slack. Um At some point, I would consider this to be a little bit of a full-stack challenge. Um it's actually just connecting with a bunch of services and letting the AI go free and take autonomous decisions over time. The good thing about most projects here is that they're all open source. Um So, if you do have AI, you can actually understand their architecture fairly well. That's how I've understood, you know, a bunch of these architectures. It's harder to dive into the code base of these now because a lot of these are like by coded and very verbose. But what's easier is to make an LM summarize what the project does and go from there. By is probably the only open source agent that I was actually able to read the code in one go and understand. Number three, Slack plus AI. This is a new set of companies that are coming. I don't know if you guys know Jack Dorsey who's the, you know, ex-founder of Twitter and now the founder of Block, the famous company that laid off 40% of its folks. They recently released this project called Buzz, again open source and then you might have heard of Prompt QL. A batchmate of mine works there now which is why I realized, you know, they exist as a company and it's a little bit of a speculative use case but one that might become very big. It's basically a workspace, a more AI native workspace similar to Slack. In Slack you only have, you know, humans as members. Here you can have agents as members. You can tag agents and then they'll do go their own thing. You can add, you know, different set of agents. One could be a front-end expertise agent, one could be a essay writing agent so on and so forth. You can tag them, they'll do their thing. You can have a more fluid conversation on an interface like Slack compared to, you know, orchestrating agents through a terminal. The code base of Buzz is in Rust. So if you're interested in Rust at all, this is like simple Rust that you can read. If you do want to contribute Rust yet, contribute to, you know, an AI project, might be one of the good projects to look at. Super set or T3 Code. I don't know if you've seen these. T3 Code is by Theo, another YouTuber. It's basically a desktop app or a mobile app where you can spawn agents, um, coding agents. But the good thing about this is you can actually select different coding harnesses for specific tasks. For example, in a single UI I can ask Claude Code to solve issue number one, Codex to solve issue number two, Devin to solve issue number three. This is, I mean, primarily useful for if you have subscriptions to all three and you need a single interface to talk to all of three of them. The interesting thing there is how the architecture of Super set is very different from the architecture of T3 Code. If you use Super set, it actually spawns the Devin CLI, the Claude Code CLI, you know, in various tabs and you sort of use them versus T3 code actually starts the underlying agent um and hacks into the agent and you know, the messages that you see are all T3 UI coded compared to using the actual terminal output from Claude code. There are pros and cons to both of these approaches. Basically, they have very different architectures. The reason I know this is because the next video is going to be building something like this from scratch. And the T3 code architecture is slightly better than the other one for many reasons, you know, I'll get to that in the next video. Both of them are open source. Super set is a YC backed company. T3.code is doing really well. I think it's growing really well in terms of number of users. Primarily again, built on top of coding agents. T3.code will still teach you a few things on, you know, agents and what are the kind of messages that Claude code provides you or the Claude code agent, you know, what is the kind of back and forth that happens between the Claude code agent and the LLM. That is something you can learn if you're building it the T3 code way. If you're building it the Super set way, it's mostly a full stack challenge, not really a, you know, an agent or any AI challenge at all. This is a project I saw yesterday. I don't think this will ever pick up steam. I think this is like not the right way to learn, at least for me. Um what it does is, if you want to learn anything, for example, you know, full stack, you can ask it to create a learning track for you. And then the nice thing that I mean, the thing that I like generally is generative UIs, it basically creates a course like this. For example, I asked it yesterday, you know, I not need to learn attention is all you need or, you know, the attention or the transformer architecture. This generated this course for me, which, you know, looks very close to if you in in 2020 wanted to create a course like this, you would have to go through a lot of effort to gather all this data, write all of these things down versus it was able to create these slides in one go. So, it created a structure like this. If I click on, you know, one of these, I can actually look at a bunch of slides. I can talk to the agent over here and you know, it'll guide me through it, which is and maybe at some point we sort of work like this or, you know, we learn like this. I think right now it's a little I would love to wait have a personalized learning path for me. Problem is in I personally feel for me, I need like a lot of accountability, a human sort of guiding me, which is why I tried this yesterday and you know, did not really go through with it. Nonetheless, generative UI is generally a cool you know, how do you make the user build their own UI? Compared to you know, static set of courses that exist that you can buy. So, unsure if it's like a great product or will it ever get PMF? Great technical thing to build. Generally generative UI you know, you can also build something like a AI based slides plus mentimeter. I think that's also like a nice project. Come over there with a project an admin can come to the platform, select a topic for example, transformers and attention followed by a 10 question or 20 question quiz that they can distribute to a bunch of users and then you know, it's basically a bunch of slides for a real class followed by a bunch of MCQ, something like that. Cool. Model router. This one is interesting, new, slightly nuanced and you know, probably there's no right or right wrong approach for this right now. What is happening right now is in a lot of companies, you know, the cloud costs are really higher. I don't know if you guys saw the Uber announcement, you know, Uber turned down AI because people were just burning through the credits. And this is like a necessary evil, this will happen when you have a very big company and you give engineers access to infinite credits. They're probably not going to use it very efficiently. Hence, it probably will make sense at some point that all companies give their developers access to something like cloud code, but the underlying model is decided by the company based on the complexity of the task. So, you there will be some sort of a model router and when I say model router, I don't mean something like open router. I literally mean a router that is smart enough to know whether the incoming request requires fable or will it work with GPT 5.5 and or will it work with GPT 4 or will it work better with open source 0.8. A layer that is aware around which model the request should be routed to based on the complexity of the task, based on how much credits does this user have and maybe even block requests that are you know, personal requests for the user. If there's a developer that a company has given cloud code access to, they should not be using it for their personal projects. So, you know, things like these. A model router that is aware of the incoming questions or requests and is either able to block or route the request to the right model. As I said, speculative up in the air sort of a thing. No easy way to solve this right now. So, whoever does solve this is going to save companies a lot of money and make a lot of money in the process. How do you solve it is still a big question mark. There are a few techniques that a few companies are trying. Start thinking from first principles. There are a few approaches that I have in my mind as well. Not fully a full-stack challenge, not fully an AI challenge, something in the middle. And lastly, benchmarking for a specific use case. I think there's a lot you can learn if you're building benchmarks like three events. It's not easy writing these e-vals. Yesterday, we had a cohort class where it was supposed to be a 2-hour class but it extended to 3 hours because we were trying to build e-vals for dub.sh. And in those 3 hours, we were barely able to even start the tests locally. Um that tells you something. If you ever join one of these data labeling companies, you will be given access to a private code base that you have to write a lot of issues, tests, and e-vals for. Um Setting up the code base itself was such a challenge yesterday that I realized, you know, writing a thousand e-vals for it is going to be really hard. Making sure they're actually representing the ability of a model to perform well on that code base is going to be hard. I was telling this in the code yesterday that, you know, up until last cohort, you know, the cool thing was to set up dub.sh locally. And now the cool thing is not setting up locally because, you know, for a fact, most of the issues in dub.sh are going to be solved by an agent or, you know, some sort of an AI. Hence, the cool thing now is can you build a set of e-vals that, you know, tell which agent, which model is better at solving issues in dub.sh rather than solving them yourself. And then as meta or dystopian as it sounds, it does actually seem like the right direction. If you write a lot of e-vals and data on how issues are solved in dub.sh, for example, then it is probably going to solve issues better compared to a human. I feel at some point companies and engineers in companies are going to spend time not just writing code but actually writing a lot of these e-vals that not just represent the ability of a model to solve issues in that code base but also probably train the model better on that specific repository. So, it performs better on that repository in solving issues in the long run. So, try this out for one week. Like, pick a random open-source project. And And trust me, it's not going to be easy. There's like a lot of nuance in writing these emails and writing the environments that actually test a model using them. You have one nice project to pick. As I said, we have five videos. Let us know which one would you like to see on the channel next. I have seven projects. I'm already building Superset, but if there's a different one you want me building on the channel, let me know. With that, let's end it. I'll see you guys in the next one. Bye-bye.